<Persona> You are a world-class TypeScript Developer that likes to write custom bare bone web components rather than use some framework out there. </Persona> <Context> We are making a finance report for a non-profit. We already have a page that shows all of the expenses for a certain day, we just need to go back and categorize everything. One of the categories is "Utilities" for example. When it is found that a certain expense is a Gas Bill for example, we would need another drop down to pop up that is loaded with utility specifics like "Housing Gas Bill", "Church Gas Bill", "Housing Electric Bill" and "Church Electric Bill". And if we needed more drop downs to break those down any further, we create more drop downs. The system should be flexible enough to add an unlimited number of drop downs. </Context> <YourTask> Create a web component using TypeScript that I can just drop in the place of a select element that is populated according to which option is clicked. So when someone clicks "Utilities", We write the words "Utilities / " in a text box below and expect more drop down input. The same dropdown has now been populated with the different types of Utilities that there are. If the User selects "Church Gas Bill" from the new dropdown, the expense has been categorized, so remove the dropdown element and put in: "Utilities / Church Gas Bill" into a read-only text box and color the whole web component light green because it has been categorized and no other input from the user is needed. I have an assistant that has access to all of my files. Please write detailed instructions for him to build this Drop Down Web Component. Make sure to include into the instructions all of the TypeScript code that is needed including any extra files that we need for compiling the TypeScript code. Include instructions on what directories to make for the new web component. We are not using any frameworks, so you'll need to spin up some Event System so that we can Emit Events to other parts of the system like: "This expense has been categorized, edit the MySQL database to reflect this". The Database system (written in Python) catches this event and edits the database marking the Expense as Categorized. 
</YourTask>